Update template entity docs for entity_id removal and guidance on working without entities (#14343)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/scripts.markdown

#### Wait Template

> The template is re-evaluated whenever an entity ID that it references changes state. If you use non-deterministic functions like `now()` in the template as it will not be continuously re-evaluated, but only when an entity ID that is referenced is changed. If you need to periodically re-evaluate the template, reference a sensor from the (time_date)[/components/time_date/] component that will update minutely or daily.

Author: ```suggestion
The template is re-evaluated whenever an entity ID that it references changes state. If you use non-deterministic functions like `now()` in the template as it will not be continuously re-evaluated, but only when an entity ID that is referenced is changed. If you need to periodically re-evaluate the template, reference a sensor from the (Time and Date)[/integrations/time_date/] component that will update minutely or daily.
```

> The template is re-evaluated whenever an entity ID that it references changes state. If you use non-deterministic functions like `now()` in the template as it will not be continuously re-evaluated, but only when an entity ID that is referenced is changed. If you need to periodically re-evaluate the template, reference a sensor from the (Time and Date)[/integrations/time_date/] component that will update minutely or daily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The template is re-evaluated whenever an entity ID that it references changes state. If you use non-deterministic functions like `now()` in the template it will not be continuously re-evaluated, but only when an entity ID that is referenced is changed. If you need to periodically re-evaluate the template, reference a sensor from the (Time and Date)[/integrations/time_date/] component that will update minutely or daily.
```

Reviewer: I am not sure that I like the `time_date` suggestion, it could be strange to fit that into a template. However, I am not sure what to suggest instead.
